cv.md, before:


# Dmitry Bitkov CV
---
### Contact information:

**Phone:**  +7(903)236-08-44
**E-mail:**  [super.bitkov@yahoo.com](mailto:super.bitkov@yahoo.com)  
**Telegram:**  @superspoone  
[GitHub](https://www.https://github.com/Achopper)  

### Skills:

-  C
-  C++ 
- SQL
-  Java
-  Git
- Docker
- UNIX

----------

###  About:
Having worked in HoReCa for more than 10 years, during the first pandemic, I realized that in this already unstable area.
So I decided to change my profession. And I quit my main job and went to school 21. I originally wanted to go to Java developer, but now I work as a C++ developer. Now I'm planning to learn JS, so I could start learning Node.js backend

----------

### Projects:

-   [Cub3D](https://github.com/Achopper/mini_cube_42) Simle raycasting engine on C
- [Minishell](https://github.com/Achopper/minishell) Mini version of bash with redirects and pipes on C
- [WebServ](https://github.com/Achopper/simple_serv) HTTP request-response server with multiplexed I/O on C++
- [Containers](https://github.com/Achopper/ft_containers) Recopy of C++ STL library containers (vector, stack, map and set)

----------

### Languages:

-   English - Intermediate
-   Russian - Native

Commit message:

feat: add education to cv

cv.md, after:


# Dmitry Bitkov CV
---
### Contact information:

**Phone:**  +7(903)236-08-44
**E-mail:**  [super.bitkov@yahoo.com](mailto:super.bitkov@yahoo.com)  
**Telegram:**  @superspoone  
[GitHub](https://www.https://github.com/Achopper)  

### Skills:

- C
- C++ 
- SQL
- Java
- Git
- Docker
- UNIX

----------

###  About:
Having worked in HoReCa for more than 10 years, during the first pandemic, I realized that in this already unstable area.
So I decided to change my profession. And I quit my main job and went to school 21. I originally wanted to go to Java developer, but now I work as a C++ developer. Now I'm planning to learn JS, so I could start learning Node.js backend

----------

### Projects:

- [Cub3D](https://github.com/Achopper/mini_cube_42) Simle raycasting engine on C
- [Minishell](https://github.com/Achopper/minishell) Mini version of bash with redirects and pipes on C
- [WebServ](https://github.com/Achopper/simple_serv) HTTP request-response server with multiplexed I/O on C++
- [Containers](https://github.com/Achopper/ft_containers) Recopy of C++ STL library containers (vector, stack, map and set)

---
### Education 

**Institute of Economics of Finance and Law**
- Organization Management

**School21/Encole42**
- Computer science and programming languages

----------

### Languages:

-   English - Intermediate
-   Russian - Native
